what we know
senior chief kelly is the third member
to be attacked
[Music]
three perps are dead
also killed was his wife
they better hope he doesn't survive
why is that he is more dangerous and
effective
than any man we have in the field
[Music]
he took everything from me
these were foreign attacks on u.s soil
we have to respond
i'm gonna make it right
there's something inside of me that i
can't turn off
a part of me that won't stop for
anything
no remorse
has it occurred to you that perhaps john
kelly
has done something we can't
some situations aren't thinking outside
the box
give me your name you were supposed to
be dead give me your name
[Music]
you